Lab 3 SPI Color LCD Display and 3D GE (Graphics Engine) Lab   
HL

This lab counts total 10 points. Note hard copy of the lab report has
to be ready for the time to make in class demo, fail to bring the hard
copy can result in marks reduction. In addition, the soft copy of 
the report plus the source code exported as a project have to be 
submitted on line per published date, passing the due date will result 
in marks reduction, for each lecture day delay submission, 1 point mark
will be taken off. 

1. This lab consists of 2 parts, the first part is to build hardware 
system to allow two CPUs (LPC17xx) to communicate and with one as 
master and the other as slave to act as 3D GE, e.g., to compute all 
graphics processing tasks, especially, 3D graphics processing task. 

2. The second part is 3D vector graphics computation requirements:  
   (1) Generate 3D cubes by designing your data points, and make 
   it solide cubes with 3 surfaces S1, S2 and S3 decorated on each 
   surface with your choice of the patterns as discussed in class. 
   You can chose to use "floating arrow" as discussed in the calss,
   but be sure to make it 3D solid object with thin depth along z-direction.

3. For the graphics computation,  
   (1) First display 3D coordinate system, with each axis as different colour, 
       e.g., r, g, b colour; 
   (2) then display solid cube with S1, S2, and S3 surfaces; 
   (3) perform linear decoration, put trees on one of the surfaces, screen 
       saver, or your choice of the pattern on each surface; 
   (4) Then decorate the cube top surface (one the three surfaces) with your 
       initial letter (one letter) using your self designed font. 
   (5) compute diffuse reflection model of the top surface of the cube with
       decoration. 

4. Submit project report together with
   (1) exported project (source code is part of it) CANVAS subject 
       to testing and verification. 

5. Rubrics for lab demo: 
   (1) satistisfies the requirements stated above; 
   (2) lab report should cover (hardware side):
       system block diagrams of the entire system setup including laptop computer;
       system block diagram of the SPI colour LCD interface 
       Schematics of the LPC1769 interface to LCD colour display panel 
       table(s) of the pin connectivity
       photo(s) of the implementation 
   (3) lab report (software side) should cover
       Algorithm description 
       Flow chart(s)
       Pseudo code
       testing and verification section 
       sourec code listing (appendix) 

(END) 
