Lab 3 Shading Models for Advanced Microprocessor 3D GE Design   
HL

This lab counts total 10 points. Note hard copy of the lab report has
to be ready for the time to make in class demo, fail to bring the hard
copy can result in 5 marks reduction. In addition, the soft copy of 
the report plus the source code exported as a project have to be 
submitted on line. 

1. This lab is for 3D shading model and diffuse reflection computation on 
   LPC1769 micro processor platform, you will need to 
   (1) generate 3 decorated solid cubes, each with different size, and with 
       different orientation angle (orientation of the cube is by its normal 
       vector, denoted here as n=(nx, ny, nz), which is a vector perpendicular 
       to the top surface of the cube). 
   (2) Note, you may want to try the size of the cube with side length of 50 
       to begin with, and the virtual camera location E = (ex,ey,ez) = 
       (100, 100, 100) for example.  
   (3) The decoration of each surface for each cube can be re-used from 
       Lab 2, for example, for surface 1, S1, the screen savers on it; for 
       surface 2, S2, the trees (forest) on it, and for surface 3, S3, the self
       designed one letter of your name initial on it (for example, for 
       Harry, you will put self designed font "H" on surface 3).  
   (4) place a point light source P_s(xs, ys, zs) in the world coordinate 
       system, you design its location, as a reference, you may consider 
       P_s(xs, ys, zs) = (40,60,120) as a testing location and you can may 
       adjustment later accordingly.  
   (5) compute the ray equation and its intersection with the x_w-y_w plane.
       For each cube there are 4 ray equations, hence, each of these ray 
       equation will form intersection point with the x_w-y_w plane, there are 
       4 intersection points for each cube, total 12 intersection points. So,  
       keep track each set of 4 points and produce a shade for each cube 
       by plotting 4 vertices polygons. Be sure to use dark blue or to produce
       the shade. 
   (6) compute diffuse reflection on the top surface of the cube. 

2. For the requirements of 3 decorated solid cubes, 
   (1) use 3D linear transformation matrices to create different location, 
       different size.
   (2) compute normal vector for each cube by using vector cross product, then 
       use 3D arbitrary rotation matrics to rotate each different size cubes 
       (three of them).    
   (3) use the above 2 steps (1) and (2) matrics to apply them on the linear 
       decoration algorithm, so each cube is also decorated accordingly.    
   
3. For the requirements of generating 3 shades, 
   (1) First compute 4 intersection points for each cube, then plot the shade 
       on the x_w-y_w plane by painting it in dark colour, such as dark blue or 
       black. 
   (2) To make sure the shade looks good, you may want to first paint
       x_w-y_w plane by light blue.  
   (3) then repeat the shade computation for the rest of the cubes.   

   Note for the requirement of 3D GE with 2 LPC1769 processors, this part 
   carries extra 5 bonus points. One of the LPC1769 will be acting as the 
   processing engine. 

4. Submit project report together with
   (1) exported project (source code) subject to testing and verification, 
       including compilation and build, actual LPC1769 board testing
   (2) submit the photo of the screen captures together with the exported 
       project, soft copy report. 

5. Rubrics for lab demo: 
   (1) satistisfies the requirements stated above; 
   (2) lab report should cover (hardware side):
       system block diagrams of the entire system setup including laptop computer;
       system block diagram of the SPI colour LCD interface 
       Schematics of the LPC1769 interface to LCD colour display panel 
       table(s) of the pin connectivity
       photo(s) of the implementation 
   (3) lab report (software side) should cover
       Algorithm description 
       Flow chart(s)
       Pseudo code
       testing and verification section 
       sourec code listing (appendix) 
(END) 

