Lab 3 Shading Models for Advanced Microprocessor 3D GE Design   
HL

This lab counts total 10 points. Note hard copy of the lab report has
to be ready for the time to make in class demo, fail to bring the hard
copy can result in 5 marks reduction. In addition, the soft copy of 
the report plus the source code exported as a project have to be 
submitted on line. 

1. This lab is for 3D shading model and diffuse reflection computation on 
   LPC1769 micro processor platform, you will need to 
   (1) generate a solid cube. 
   (2) Note, you may want to try the size of the cube with side length of 50 
       to begin with, and the virtual camera location E = (ex,ey,ez) = 
       (100, 100, 100) for example.  
   (3) compute diffuse reflection on the top surface of the cube, the cube
       can be re-used from the previous lab.  
   (4) place a point light source P_s(xs, ys, zs) in the world coordinate 
       system, you design its location, as a reference, you may consider 
       P_s(xs, ys, zs) = (40,60,120) as a testing location and you can may 
       adjustment later accordingly.  
   (5) compute the ray equation and its intersection with the x_w-y_w plane.
       For each cube there are 4 ray equations, hence, each of these ray 
       equation will form intersection point with the x_w-y_w plane, there are 
       4 intersection points for each cube, total 12 intersection points. So,  
       keep track each set of 4 points and produce a shade for each cube 
       by plotting 4 vertices polygons. Be sure to use dark blue or to produce
       the shade. 
   (6) compute diffuse reflection on the top surface of the cube. Assuming
       reflectivity for red is 0.8 and for blue and green are 0.0. 

2. For the requirements of one decorated solid cube, 
   (1) use　DDA for diffuse reflection.
   (2) compute the normal vector. 

3. For the requirements of generating the shade, 
   (1) First compute 4 intersection points for the cube, then plot the shade 
       on the x_w-y_w plane by painting it in dark colour, such as dark blue or 
       black. 
   (2) To make sure the shade looks good, you may want to first paint
       x_w-y_w plane by light blue.    
   (3) use scaling to make diffuse reflection with the best dynamic range of the 
       color. 

4. Submit project report together with
   (1) exported project (source code) subject to testing and verification, 
       including compilation and build, actual LPC1769 board testing
   (2) submit the photo of the screen captures together with the exported 
       project, soft copy report. 

5. Rubrics for lab demo: 
   (1) satistisfies the requirements stated above; 
   (2) lab report should cover (hardware side):
       system block diagrams of the entire system setup including laptop computer;
       system block diagram of the SPI colour LCD interface 
       Schematics of the LPC1769 interface to LCD colour display panel 
       table(s) of the pin connectivity
       photo(s) of the implementation 
   (3) lab report (software side) should cover
       Algorithm description 
       Flow chart(s)
       Pseudo code
       testing and verification section 
       sourec code listing (appendix) 
(END) 

