Lab 3 Diffuse Reflection for Advanced Microprocessor 3D GE Design   
HL

This lab is the last lab. Note the lab report has to be submitted together 
with the zip project file and a photo of the display. Then all the submission 
material has to be emailed to me by the 17th of May (Sunday) 5:00 pm. 

1. The diffuse reflection computation on 
   LPC1769 micro processor platform, you will need to 
   (1) generate a solid cube. 
   (2) the size of the cube is 100 and it is floating up from the xw-yw plane  
       by 10, and one of the cube vertex is (100, 100, 110),
       the virtual camera location E = (ex,ey,ez) = 
       (200, 200, 200) or your preferred similar location. 
       Point light source Ps(-50, 50, 200).  
       Use reflectivity (0.0, 0.8, 0.0). 
   (3) compute diffuse reflection on the top surface of the cube. Be sure to 
       use proper light offset value, and proposer scaling factor to make 
       color occupies full dynamic range from the offset value to 255. 
   (4) compute the ray equation and its intersection with the x_w-y_w plane.
       For each cube there are 4 ray equations, hence, each of these ray 
       equation will form intersection point with the x_w-y_w plane,   
       keep track of the 4 points and produce a shade  
       by plotting 4 vertices polygons. Be sure to use dark blue to produce
       the shade. 
   (5) Design a font of the first letter from your first name, and then
       to decorate the top surface of the cube, and you do not 
       have to compute diffuse reflection for the letter. 
 
2. Use　DDA and bi-linear interpolation for diffuse reflection computation.

3. Submit project report together with
   (1) exported project (source code) subject to testing and verification, 
       including compilation and build, actual LPC1769 board testing
   (2) submit the photo of the screen captures together with the exported 
       project, soft copy report. 

5. Rubrics for lab demo: 
   (1) satistisfies the requirements stated above; 
   (2) lab report should cover (hardware side):
       system block diagrams of the entire system setup including laptop computer;
       system block diagram of the SPI colour LCD interface 
       Schematics of the LPC1769 interface to LCD colour display panel 
       table(s) of the pin connectivity
       photo(s) of the implementation 
   (3) lab report (software side) should cover
       Algorithm description 
       Flow chart(s)
       Pseudo code
       testing and verification section 
       sourec code listing (appendix) 
(END) 

